Add descriptions to custom solutions (#6312)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: solutions/custom_solutions/PLM_Tool/Installing_PLM_tool.md

---
uid: Installing_PLM_tool

> description: Instructions on how to set up the DataMiner Planned Maintenance tool, with prerequisites and initial element configuration in Cube.

Reviewer: Same as for the comment above, if a call to action like "discover X" or "Learn about Y" doesn't make sense, instead of a dry description of the content, we should go for a very brief summary as a kind of "teaser".

```suggestion
description: To install the PLM tool, make sure the prerequisites are met, deploy the package from the DataMiner Catalog, and then configure the element.
```
